#summary About Narro

= What is it? =

It's a web application that allows online software translation.

= Can you tell me more about it? =

Sure.
 * it currently supports gettext, open office sdf files, mozilla dtd files and properties/ini files
 * it's written in php and uses mysql as a database
 * it's built with [http://www.qcodo.com qcodo] framework
 * it has spellchecking, entity checking and simple punctuation checking
 * translation suggestions are shared among the projects
 * users can vote their preferred suggestion

= Why would I need it? =

Well there are other applications that do similar things. Right now, Narro is different because:

 * it's written for the translation communities, not for the project owners
 * it's written in php and mysql so it can be installed on any shared hosting
 * it is simple to use. *Anyone can translate* is not just a saying. 

You need it to get more translators to contribute.

= I have some spare time. Tell me more about it =

I'm a translation coordinator for several projects. I'm working with my language, Romanian. Most of the translators we have are really technical people as I am. We don't all have high linguistic knowledge. I want to take the power to translate from these people and give it to all the users of the software to be translated. This application will grow as to become a place where people would like to return to translate. By making it this simple, I'm hoping that with this application you will have more software translated in less time. Quality is kept high through spellchecking, entity checking, punctuation checking, the fact that all that you translate is visible to anyone through a simple search operation and through a nice vote system.

= Where is it? =

Initially I started this application tied to Drupal. I have a installation on [http://narro.maimult.ro/qdrupal/narro_project_list.php narro.maimult.ro]. Things are changing. I gave up on Drupal as it was too much overhead. I'm building my own simple user management system. So please wait for the first public release. You can subscribe to the [http://narro-project.blogspot.com/ official blog for this application].